AWS Glue Catalog doc (#231)
aklivity/zilla-docs: src/reference/config/catalogs/catalog-aws-glue.md

---
shortTitle: aws-glue
description: Zilla runtime aws-glue catalog
icon: aky-zilla-plus
category:
  - Catalog
---

# aws-glue Catalog

[Available in <ZillaPlus/>](https://www.aklivity.io/products/zilla-plus)
{.zilla-plus-badge .hint-container .info}

> Zilla runtime aws-glue catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zilla runtime aws-glue catalog.
```

```yaml {2}
catalog:
  type: aws-glue
  options:
    registry: zilla
    max-age: 30
    compression: zlib
```

## Summary

> Defines a catalog with a schema pulled from aws glue to enforce validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines a catalog that can fetch schemas [AWS Glue](https://aws.amazon.com/glue/) to enforce validation.
```

## Configuration

:::: note Properties

- [options](#options)
  - [options.registry\*](#options-registry)
  - [options.max-age](#options-max-age)
  - [options.compression](#options-compression)

::: right
\* required
:::

::::

### options

> `object`

#### options.registry\*

> `string`

> AWS Glue Registry name to access schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Glue Registry name to access schemas.
```

#### options.max-age

> `number` | Default: `"300"`

> Configure the Time-To-Live for the schema information retrieved against latest version. Defaults to 5 minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the time to live in `seconds` for the schema information retrieved against the latest version. The default is 300 seconds or 5 minutes. 
```

> #### options.compression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### options.model-compression
```

I think the `model-` prefix adds just enough information to tie it to the model-view implementations. It also reads as a global setting for all models, which we can clarify in the property description. 

@jfallows @aDaemonThread

Reviewer 2: @vordimous Let's go with what we have for now, as this is already released in Zilla Plus and we need to get the docs out to let folks be successful with it.

We can consider an evolution in this syntax for a future Zilla Plus release.

> `enum` [ "none", "zlib" ] | Default: `"none"`

> Configuration to set compression level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the compression level for fetched schemas.

```
